(bright guitar music)
♪ And another thing ♪
♪ I've been wondering lately ♪
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ Tell me where have you been ♪
♪ Now the stage is set ♪
♪ Where's my Juliet, baby ♪
♪ Is it maybe ♪
♪ My Midsummer Night's Dream ♪
♪ What's my scene ♪
♪ Tell me, what's my scene ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ Like a talent scout ♪
♪ Always checking out new blood ♪
♪ Oh, I'd do good ♪
♪ If you tell me your game ♪
♪ Playing solitaire ♪
♪ Doesn't get me where you would ♪
♪ And, honey, you could ♪
♪ Play any rules that you name ♪
♪ What's my scene ♪
♪ Tell me, I gotta know ♪
♪ What's my, what's my ♪
♪ What's my, what's my scene ♪
♪ They say that they say ♪
♪ Making love, you can make it pay ♪
♪ They say, yeah, they say ♪
♪ But we know there's a better way ♪
♪ Any day ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ And another thing ♪
♪ I've been wondering lately ♪
♪ Am I crazy ♪
♪ To believe in ideals ♪
♪ I'm a betting man ♪
♪ But it's getting damn lonely ♪
♪ Oh, honey, if only ♪
♪ I was sure what I feel ♪
♪ What's my scene ♪
♪ Tell me, I gotta know ♪
♪ What's my, what's my ♪
♪ What's my, what's my scene ♪
♪ Ah, ah, ah, what's my scene ♪
♪ What's my, what's my ♪
♪ I wanna know ♪
♪ What's my, what's my scene ♪
♪ I concede ♪
♪ What's my, what's my ♪
♪ What's my, what's my scene ♪
♪ Where, oh where, oh where, oh where ♪
♪ Can my scene be ♪
(singer vocalizing)
(upbeat music)
♪ What's my ♪